More minor fixes from review (#235)
cosmos/ics: spec/ics-024-host-requirements/README.md

These functions MUST be permissioned to the IBC handler module (the implementation of which is described in separate standards) only, so only the IBC handler module can `set` or `delete` the paths which can be read by `get`. This can possibly be implemented as a sub-store (prefixed key-space) of a larger key-value store used by the entire state machine.

Host state machines must provide two instances of this interface - 

> a `provableStore` for storage read by (ie. proven to) other chains,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a `provableStore` for storage read by (i.e. proven to) other chains,
```
